Refactor example docs (#164)
l7mp/stunner: docs/examples/TLS.md

[nip.io](https://nip.io) provides a dead simple wildcard DNS for any IP address. We will use this to "own a domain" and obtain a CA signed certificate for the mediaserver. This will allow us to point the domain name `client-<ingress-IP>.nip.io` to an ingress HTTP gateway in our Kubernetes cluster, which will then use some automation (namely, cert-manager) to obtain a valid CA signed cert.

### If you have your own domain

We use `nip.io` to "own a domain" in some examples. To replace it with your own domain, you must locate the corresponding lines in the specific mediaserver's configuration file and overwrite them.

> [!NOTE]
>
> Although they might look similar, every mediaserver has a different configuration. You might need to (re)configure more things in one mediaserver than another.

> [!NOTE]
>
> Make sure to set up your Ingress correctly and do not forget to create a new DNS record pointing to your Ingress' IP address!

## Installation

### Ingress

The first step of secured traffic ingestion is obtaining a valid cert by installing a Kubernetes Ingress: this will be used during the validation of our certificates and to terminate client TLS encrypted contexts.

> Install an Ingress controller into your cluster. We used the official [nginx ingress](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), but this is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install an Ingress controller into your cluster. We used the official [nginx ingress](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), but other Ingress implementations might work (check their documentation for install steps).
```

```console
helm repo add cert-manager https://charts.jetstack.io
helm repo update
helm install cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --namespace cert-manager \
    --create-namespace --set global.leaderElection.namespace=cert-manager \
    --set crds.enabled=true --timeout 600s
```

At this point we have all the necessary boilerplate set up to automate TLS issuance for the demo.

## Troubleshooting

#### Wildcard DNS domain rate limiting

Note that public wildcard DNS domains might run into [rate limiting](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/rate-limits/) issues. If this occurs you can try [alternative services](https://moss.sh/free-wildcard-dns-services/) instead of `nip.io`.

#### Certificate issuance

If you work with certificates you must be aware that signing a certificate request takes some time and it differs for every CA (certificate authority). If you sense there is a problem with the certificate being signed or issued, you can check it directly and see what is going on.

First, you'll need to find the certificate and its related resources in your cluster.
```console
kubectl get certificate -A

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we remove the extra linefeed here?
